FIRST: lay out every page in the most basic, functional way imaginable.
Although this is a non-manipulative website, encourage one or two main takeaways you want the visitors to have. You want them to know your art easily, and have the option to learn about you as a person with tastes, and essentially interviews about the art.

hiearchy:
0. overall site banner that includes credit for everything being made from scratch
1. big ol art and music buttons, porn being on the side
2. journals, anime and game articles, and topsters yonk pop culture media image
3. links to the web and etc.

home page:
	(GLOBAL SOUND OPTION ON AND OFF! to alert the sound sensitive and notify of 	sound benefits)
	artistic vision: an homage to point and click adventure and interactive sites 	of the early 2000s
	able to be improved after creation
	a single-view mural/photo collage where you can navigate to what you're curious 	about from the 	home page.
	No minimalistic branding or similarly-colored icons. The main links need to 	feel like their own brands.

**navigation menu needs to be a width and height that adapts to phone and PC without leaving the margins or messing up the imagemap**

small field for rss feed/recent "posts" recorded
contact info, main links to other things
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
design:
	every uninvasive page has a link to return home, or to something relevant
	navigatable by keyboard controls for accessibility
optional toys:
	unlockable cursors
	hidden images and page links
	draggable stickers/scene maker/dressup?
	controller support
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
links page: a collection of links I would direct people to if they no longer had a search engine. education, cooking, artists

(1) illustration page/papers in an exhibit:
	includes artist bio copy
	a cloud or grid of (draggable) thumbnails that take you to a color-coded 	gallery of the picture, with a mood-setting song track that unmutes while 	present? (malicious, 	naughty, goofy, pleasant, organic, sad)
 	refer to max collins' and r3drunn3r's sites.
	extra: being taken to a mood gallery lets you move left/right to view every 	other piece in that category (same song, same walls)

(2) links page:
	prioritizing what's most important first: software for creation, cooking sites, text adventure makers and games, "offline" related links, other websites in rings and connections, artists

(3) journals page:
	a chronological feed of entries, with color-coded labels for content type--
	(radio segment, essay, blog post, personal game guide, concept art, philosophy etc.)
	

(4) porn page:
	has a warning page first with a manifesto disclaimer
	commission spread example, inspired by r3drunn3r
	Has a intuitive way to avoid elements like incest, degredation, and age 	difference (tag/id filters OR a 2nd layer gallery)
	**link section for e621 favorites & artists I believe in

(5) music page:
	audio player follows you. you choose out songs from simple visuals or 	decorative text.

(6) bio/manifesto/beliefs - my own voice, podcast, radio:
	a commentary section where there's multiple panes of text, some with an audio 	player which has me narrating the tone needed to convey the proper emotions, 	set to neutral 	music.
	contact info, ham radio. artist bio, porn disclaimer/explanation.